Support requests.response.raw being a file-like object (#1094)
httpie/httpie: CHANGELOG.rst

  an alternative to ``stdin``. (`#534`_)
* Fixed ``--continue --download`` with a single byte to be downloaded left. (`#1032`_)
* Fixed ``--verbose`` HTTP 307 redirects with streamed request body. (`#1088`_)

> * Fixed support of file-like object responses. (`#1094`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add internal support for file-like object responses to improve adapter plugin support. (`#1094`_)
```
